[Observability] 9.2.5 release notes (#4847)
elastic/docs-content: release-notes/elastic-observability/index.md

% ### Fixes [elastic-observability-next-fixes]
% *

## 9.2.5 [elastic-observability-9.2.5-release-notes]

### Fixes [elastic-observability-9.2.5-fixes]
* Fixes incorrect dependencies stats [#249434]({{kib-pull}}249434).
* Adds `maxQueue` backpressure to anonymization regex worker pool [#249108]({{kib-pull}}249108).
* Fixes broken links from **View In Context** Discover modal [#248939]({{kib-pull}}248939).
* Uses monitor query id for project monitors package policies [#248762]({{kib-pull}}248762).

> * Fixes duplicate test results on monitor status heatmap [#248761]({{kib-pull}}248761).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue where synthetics test results showed up as duplicated on the monitor status heat map, for higher granularity columns [#248761]({{kib-pull}}248761).
```

* Fixes loss of UI state in signal-specific Discover fly-out tabs when refreshing a query [#248203]({{kib-pull}}248203).
* Fixes missing spans in discover traces view [#247689]({{kib-pull}}247689).

> * Provides users with more granular control over how alerts behave when data stops being reported for metric threshold rules [#247669]({{kib-pull}}247669).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds more granular control over how alerts behave when data stops being reported for metric threshold rules [#247669]({{kib-pull}}247669).
```
